Update Radio content (#941)
hashicorp/design-system: website/docs/components/form/checkbox/partials/code/how-to-use.md

```handlebars
<Hds::Form::Checkbox::Field as |F|>
  <F.Label>Enable cost estimation</F.Label>
</Hds::Form::Checkbox::Field>
```

#### Input value

Pass a `@value` argument to the checkbox input.

```handlebars
<Hds::Form::Checkbox::Field @value="enable" as |F|>
  <F.Label>Enable cost estimation</F.Label>
</Hds::Form::Checkbox::Field>
```

#### Checked

Use the standard HTML `checked` attribute to mark the input as checked.

```handlebars
<Hds::Form::Checkbox::Field checked as |F|>
  <F.Label>Enable cost estimation</F.Label>
</Hds::Form::Checkbox::Field>
```

#### Helper text

You can add extra information to the field using helper text. When helper text is added, the component automatically adds an `aria-describedby` attribute to the input control, associating it with the automatically generated `ID` of the helper text element.

```handlebars
<Hds::Form::Checkbox::Field as |F|>
  <F.Label>Enable cost estimation</F.Label>
  <F.HelperText>With this option enabled you will receive an approximate cost estimation.</F.HelperText>
</Hds::Form::Checkbox::Field>
```

#### Extra content in label and helper text

> The `Label` and `HelperText` contextual components used in the "field" are yielding their content. This means you can also pass structured content.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `Label` and `HelperText` contextual components used in the "field" yield their content, meaning you can also pass structured content.
```
